Extend cartridge docs (#1963)
tarantool/cartridge: rst/topics/failover.rst

* Every appointment (self-made or fetched) is immune for a while
  (controlled by the ``IMMUNITY_TIMEOUT`` option).

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Case: external provider outage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In this case instances do nothing: the leader remains a leader,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, instances do nothing: the leader remains a leader,
```

read-only instances remain read-only. If any instance restarts during an
external state provider outage, it composes an empty leadership map:
it doesn't know who actually is a leader and thinks there is none.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Case: coordinator outage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An active coordinator may be absent in a cluster either because of a failure

> or due to disabling the role everywhere. Just like in the previous case,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or due to disabling the role on all instances. Just like in the previous case,
```
